Extend documentation for discovery.process (#4273)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/discovery/discovery.process.md

### Targets joining

If you specify `join`, `discovery.process` joins the discovered processes based on the `__container_id__` label.

> This component alternatively joins targets by `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id` or `__meta_docker_container_id`,
> which allows a simple integration with the output from other discovery components like `discovery.kubernetes`,
> as shown in [this example][example_discovery_kubernetes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component alternatively joins targets by `__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_id` or `__meta_docker_container_id`, which allows a simple integration with the output from other discovery components like `discovery.kubernetes`.
The example [discovering processes on the local host and joining with `discovery.kubernetes`][example_discovery_kubernetes] demonstrates this.
```

* Semantic line breaks.
* Split into two sentences.
* Changed to a more descriptive link. We try to avoid `here` linking.

> For example, if `join` is specified as the following _external targets_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if `join` is specified as the following external targets:
```

Removed italics. We use this formatting quite sparingly in the docs.

Author: Thanks, I applied your sugggestion.

]
```

> And the discovered _process targets_ are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the discovered process targets are:
```

Removed italics. We use this formatting quite sparingly in the docs.

]
```

> Explanation of the four resulting targets in this example:
> 
> 1. The first _external target_ merged with the first discovered _process target_, joint by `__container_id__=1`.
> 2. The second discovered _process target_, joint with no matching _external target_.
> 3. The first original _external target_, joint with no matching discovered _process target_.
> 4. The second original _external target_, joint with no matching discovered _process target_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The four targets are updated as follows:

1. The first external target is merged with the first discovered process target, joined by `__container_id__=1`.
1. The second discovered process target has no matching external target.
1. The first original external target has no matching discovered process target.
1. The second original external target has no matching discovered process target.
```

* We try to use "lazy numbering"
* I think `joint` is not the right word here. Changed to `joined` in the first item, and removed in the following 3.
* Slight change to the "explanation" sentence... it's still passive... 
* Removed the italics. We use this formatting quite sparingly in the docs.

Author: Oh, I didn't even know that "lazy numbering" feature. But very cool - simplifies maintenance of lists 👍
